{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 full_data.csv has all of zooplankton community data for all dates and all treatments.\par
Decomp_full.csv has all of the decomposition, carbon, and environmental factors for the final day of the experiment.\par
Graphing_Set_Up.R has the updated theme for all final graphs.\par
Alpha_family.R has all the code for richness, evenness, and shannon's diversity of zooplankton.\par
Alpha_diversity_graph.R creates the final graphs for alpha diversity metrics.\par
Beta_Diversity_PCoA_and_PERMANOVA.R has all of the code for running community composition analyses.\par
PCoA_Graphing.R creates the final graphs for PCoA results.\par
Ecosystem_Function.R  runs all the models for comparisons between community structure and decomposition and carbon. \par
Decomp_graph.R creates the final graphs for decompostion.\par
eco_graph.R creates the graph for carbon mineralization. \par
Ecosystem_Function.R runs the models for decomposition and carbon mineralization. \par
family_only_data.R merges the full data set into families instead of species. \par
Graph_salinity.R graphs the salinity over time for each treatment. \par
microbe_pcoa_graphing.R graphs the PCoAs for the microbial data. \par
Microbial_Diversity.R runs models for microbial richness,evenness and shannon's diversity. \par
Microbial_Diversity_Graphing.R graphs the alpha diversity metrics for microbial data. \par
microbial_pcoa.R runs the PCoA for microbial data. \par
Because calculating confindence intervals on predictions takes awhile I have saved the predicted confidence intervals for predictions zooplankton richness in zoo_rich_predict.csv and microbial richness in bacterial_rich_predict.csv, to easily re-make any graphs.

\par
}
 